Update User Guide (Command Format, CLI, Summary Table), developer guide use cases and PPP (#249)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-W15-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

### 6.2. Key Definitions

### 6.2.1 Command

Command is the action you want SoConnect to perform. Most commands require [parameters](#622-parameter) after the command so that SoConnect has the required information to perform the action. 

e.g. `help`

### 6.2.2 Parameter

> A parameter has a prefix and information which are written together without a space in between. The information are words in `UPPER_CASE` and are to be provided by you. The prefix, which ends with a `/`, is specified before the information and is what specifies what type of information you are providing SoConnect with. Do note that some commands only requires the prefix as a parameter.  <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter has a prefix and information which are written together without a space in between. The information are words in `UPPER_CASE` and are to be provided by you. The prefix, which ends with a `/`, is specified before the information and determines the information type. Do note that some commands only require the prefix as a parameter.  <br>
```

e.g. `n/NAME`

### 6.3. Command Format

> To use SoConnect features, you would need to type the [command](#621-command) that you would like to use along with the [parameters](#622-parameter) it requires. If a parameter is optional, it will be wrapped with square brackets. e.g. `[e/EMAIL]` <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the command box, you need to type the [command word](#621-command) along with the required [parameters](#622-parameter). You can leave the parameter field empty if it is optional, which is indicated by wrapped square brackets in the command format, e.g. `search [e/EMAIL]` <br>
```

Reviewer: The commands, parameters, formats, etc. are consistently linked, which might not turn out good. I think general rule of thumb is one per section is enough (or at least if the user can still see the same word in the same eyespan then should be no need to link)

Author: Ok I shall remove the extra ones. Another point is that I think that it should still be `command` instead of `command word` as a lot of commands have subcommands/more than one word and it would be simpler to refer to all of them as `commands`.

> The [parameters](#622-parameter) required for each feature can be found in [Command Summary](#9-command-summary) and [Commands](#7-commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [parameters](#622-parameter) required for each command can be found in [Command Summary](#9-command-summary) and [Commands](#7-commands).
```

> <div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info"> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary"> 
```

> **:information_source: Note:**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**:memo: Note**<br>
```

* Words in `UPPER_CASE` are the information to be supplied by the user.<br>

>   e.g. in `add n/NAME`, `NAME` is an information which can be used as `add n/John Doe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. if the format is `add n/NAME`, you can type `add n/John Doe` to use the command.
```

> * Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times including zero times.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Items with `…`​ after them can be used multiple times, including zero times.<br>
```

  e.g. `[t/TAG]…​` can be used as ` ` (i.e. 0 times), `t/friend`, `t/friend t/family`, etc.

* [Parameters](#622-parameter) can be in any order unless explicitly stated otherwise.<br>
  e.g. if the command specifies `n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER`, `p/PHONE_NUMBER n/NAME` is also acceptable.

> * If a [parameter](#622-parameter) is expected only once in the [command](#621-command), but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the [parameter](#622-parameter) will be taken.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a [parameter](#622-parameter) is expected only once in the [command](#621-command), but you specify it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the [parameter](#622-parameter) will be taken.<br>
```

  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.

* Irrelevant [parameters](#622-parameter) for [commands](#621-command) that do not take in [parameters](#622-parameter) (such as `help`, `list`, `exit` and `clear`) will be ignored.<br>

>   e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. if you type `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.
```

> * `INDEX` is used in [commands](#621-command) to refer to a specific contact or todo by their index number on the currently displayed contact list and todo list. The `INDEX` **must be a positive non-zero integer** 1, 2, 3, …​ <a id="command-format-index"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INDEX` is used in [commands](#621-command) to refer to a specific contact or todo by their index number on the currently displayed list. The `INDEX` **must be a positive non-zero integer** 1, 2, 3, …​ <a id="command-format-index"></a>
```

### 6.4. How to Use the CLI

If you already know about [Command Line Interface (CLI)](#CLI), you can skip this part and read the [Commands](#7-commands).

> 1. To use the [Command Line Interface (CLI)](#CLI), you can type a [command](#621-command), which is supposed to be typed in a certain [format](#63-command-format), in the command box and press Enter. SoConnect will perform a specific action. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>

Reviewer: I think this section is too blurry and rushed. Perhaps can try to illustrate with more complex command, such as adding people. Can say about:

Command format for add:

Short explanation about the command format, what is optional and what is not, what is multiple times etc.

Show examples of acceptable and unacceptable commands, and their mistakes.

This can be done after pr merging, can merge first.

Author: Ok

#### 7.1.1. Viewing help : `help`

> Shows a message explaining how to access the help page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I rewrote the explaination here.

### 7.5. Customisation Commands

> You can use the customisation features to customise the displayed information in the contact list.

Reviewer: I think we should make it more general?

```suggestion
Choose how you want to customise the displayed list in SoConnect, from the way the information is ordered to hiding and showing only certain fields.
```

> You can use the customisation features to customise the displayed information in the contact list.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I wrote a description for this section

#### 7.5.1. Customising order of details: `customise order`

> You can customise the order of information shown in all contacts shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customise the order of information shown for all contacts.
```

Format: `customise order [t/] [p/] [e/] [a/]`

> * You will always see the name of contact at the top of each contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will always see the contact's name at the top of each card.
```

* You can change the order of the following information: Tags, Phone Number, Email, Address.

> * Information that you do not specify will be ordered last and follow the default order. (Tags > Phone Number > Email > Address)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unspecified information will be ordered last according to the default order (Tags > Phone Number > Email > Address).
```

Example:

> * `customise order a/ e/ p/` SoConnect will show address first, followed by email, phone number, then tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `customise order a/ e/ p/` SoConnect will show address first, followed by email, phone number and tags.
```

> * `customise order a/` SoConnect will show address first. The rest of the information will follow the default order. Therefore, address will be followed by tags, phone number and then email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `customise order a/` SoConnect will show address first. The rest of the information will follow the default order. Therefore, address will be followed by tags, phone number and email.
```

<br>

#### 7.5.2. Hiding contact details: `customise hide`

> You can hide certain information of all contacts displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can hide certain information fields from all contacts.
```

Format: `customise hide [t/] [p/] [e/] [a/]`

* You can hide the following information: Tags, Phone Number, Email, Address.
* After you use this command, the information specified is hidden.

> * If the information that you specified is already hidden, it will stay hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the information that you specify is already hidden, it will stay hidden.
```

Example:
* `customise hide e/` SoConnect no longer shows emails in the list of contacts.
* `customise hide p/ t/` SoConnect no longer shows phone numbers and tags in the list of contacts.

<br>

#### 7.5.3. Showing contact details: `customise show`

> You can show certain information of all contacts displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can show certain information fields for all contacts.
```

Format: `customise show [t/] [p/] [e/] [a/]`

* You can show the following information: Tags, Phone Number, Email, Address.
* After you use this command, the information specified is shown.

> * If the information that you specified is already shown, it will stay shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the information that you specify is already shown, it will stay shown.
```

* `Coming soon in v1.5`, we will include `customise show all`, a shortcut to show all information.

Example:
* `customise show a/` SoConnect now shows addresses in the list of contacts.
* `customise show p/ t/` SoConnect now shows phone numbers and tags in the list of contacts.

<br>

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps can include note about upcoming commands of customisation for todo, to make this more general and not out of place.

Reviewer: Can do after merging

Reviewer 2: I added said note in the description for the customisation section
